well what can be more Christmasy than
the carol of the bells and what can be
more Filipino than cynically so let's
enjoy
with wonderful dancers but don't go too
far away because maybe some of you would
like to try maybe we would have some
volunteers in the audience
perhaps postured show we would like to
give it a try but there are babes come
one let's try Kelly where's the stirrer
a gene used to be a dancer come on
and pastor Jensen I bet you could who
else it's foster a Joe here mr. Joe
Veera are you around okay who else
any other volunteers pastor Marlon did
you say yes only if you want to
now let me get out of the way and let's
see what's gonna happen
what I play
beautiful alright thank you so much